>> Sarah Drasner: All right, so
let's do some remixing ourselves.
I have prepared, for you,
I didn't actually do much.
I bought a UI kit called Multicolor,
and it has all of these screens.
And they're great, but I don't wanna use
it just the way that they have it, right?
So maybe I might say, okay, this one
piece right here looks really good,
but I'm gonna take this and
remix it a little.
So I'm gonna crop it down and
then I'm gonna say okay,
I wanna change, this is too
like you know displayey for me.
Maybe I want to try, do I have Oswald?
Yeah, maybe I want to make it bolder and
look more large and in charge.
That's an official turn for this.
I go Character and I go Optical and
I'm gonna make them all caps.
>> Sarah Drasner: So already that's
[LAUGH] way different in look and feel.
Maybe I'm gonna change these arrows, too.
So I'll go to something
like The Noun Project.
I don't know if you've
seen The Noun Project,
but it's got all of these
awesome icons and stuff.
You can say arrow.
>> Sarah Drasner: Tons of arrows.
>> Sarah Drasner: Maybe I wanna do like a,
>> Sarah Drasner: Something like that,
I don't know.
I'll just download that.
>> Sarah Drasner: SVG, go File, Open,
>> Sarah Drasner: I'm gonna bring
this into that Multicolor [COUGH] and
when I'm working on the web, I'm gonna
use this SVG totally differently.
I'm gonna optimize it, we're gonna
talk about images in just a second.
But I can take this,
that's not what I wanted.
I'm selecting a group, not a layer.
Go here, take that layer right now,
and go right arrow, left arrow.
Gonna put this here.
I can double-click on the layer itself and
do all sorts of things to it.
Right now I'm gonna give it a color
overlay, and maybe I'll give it a color
overlay of maybe like an accent,
that one might be cool.
All right, that's not as cool as I
thought it would be, that's okay.
Then I'm going to take it and
reverse it, so
it'll bring it to the other side,
and I'll transform it.
>> Sarah Drasner: [NOISE]
I messed that up.
Zoom in a little bit.
>> Sarah Drasner: All right.
>> Sarah Drasner: And now maybe I'm gonna
use a different image for the background.
Let's see, that could work, too, but
maybe I'll take, since we already have
this one, I'll just drop it in there.
And say, okay,
go, [INAUDIBLE]
>> Sarah Drasner: Take this,
bring it back, mask it, all right,
now I'm gonna change this to
black text instead of white text.
>> Sarah Drasner: And maybe give it
some sort of thing behind it, so
I can read it a little bit better.
Or maybe we'll just peel back the,
let's play with the mask here so
that you can learn that a little bit.
Remember how there's
black in the background?
I'm gonna go back to the text being white.
And then for this mask, I'm gonna use
this black color and get my brush.
And I'm gonna make a bigger size and bring
the hardness down and the opacity down.
So now I can kind of mask that area.
And the nice thing about masking,
and I always use masking,
the nice thing about masking.
This is not the pen this is the pencil
that's why or the brush pencil,
let's go back.
The nice thing about masking is
you can always bring it back.
So even if you mess up and
you take away too much or
something like that,
you can always turn it back around.
So I'm gonna be like that's too much,
I'm gonna go gray instead.
Then I can bring some of that image back,
then I can switch these two and
bring some parts back as well.
You can kind of get the drift
of what you can do there.
So already this is a completely different
design than what we started with.
Maybe it's not what we want, maybe it is
what we want but it isn't at all the same.
So you can see how you can take something
that was purchased, and kinda play around
with it until it's your own,
until it's not where you started from.
And you can even take illustrations and
purchase those, and
put them into your designs.
I'll use a purchased SVG sometimes, and
then play around with it and animate it or
something like that.
That's totally cool too,
so you can just kind of manipulate
things until it's your own.